fix NAJ links (#1180)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/basics/transactions/gas.md

If you're coming from Ethereum, you may be used to the idea of paying a higher gas price to get your transaction processed faster. In NEAR, gas costs are deterministic, and you can't pay extra.

> For basic operations like "transfer funds," you can't specify an amount to attach. The gas needed is easy to calculate ahead of time, so it's automatically attached for you. (Check it: [`near-cli`](https://github.com/near/near-cli) has a `send` command, which accepts no `gas` parameter; [`near-api-js`](https://github.com/near/near-api-js) has a [`sendTokens`](https://near.github.io/near-api-js/classes/near.Near#sendtokens) function which accepts no `gas` argument.) As shown in the tables above, these operations are cheap, so you probably won't even notice the slight reduction in your account's balance.

Author: ```suggestion
For basic operations like "transfer funds," you can't specify an amount to attach. The gas needed is easy to calculate ahead of time, so it's automatically attached for you. (Check it: [`near-cli`](https://github.com/near/near-cli) has a `send` command, which accepts no `gas` parameter; [`near-api-js`](https://github.com/near/near-api-js) has a [`sendMoney`](https://near.github.io/near-api-js/classes/account.Account#sendmoney) function which accepts no `gas` argument.) As shown in the tables above, these operations are cheap, so you probably won't even notice the slight reduction in your account's balance.
```

> For basic operations like "transfer funds," you can't specify an amount to attach. The gas needed is easy to calculate ahead of time, so it's automatically attached for you. (Check it: [`near-cli`](https://github.com/near/near-cli) has a `send` command, which accepts no `gas` parameter; [`near-api-js`](https://github.com/near/near-api-js) has a [`sendTokens`](https://near.github.io/near-api-js/classes/near.Near#sendtokens) function which accepts no `gas` argument.) As shown in the tables above, these operations are cheap, so you probably won't even notice the slight reduction in your account's balance.

Author: link updated to `sendMoney`

There's no need to update files in the `0.old` folder, those are a backup of the old "docs 2" site, meant to be removed shortly.
